[narrator] City of Nankatsu,
Shizuoka Prefecture.
Hey, guys, look at this.
There's an article
about Tsubasa.
"Tsubasa Ozora
surprises everybody
"with his Drive Shot.
Team Nankatsu is very close
to winning
"their tri-championship."
Finally, we'll see
the match between
Nankatsu against Furano
and Toho against Meiwa.
I think the finals
will be Nankatsu
against Toho Academy.
[Hanji]
I wouldn't be so sure
-about that.
-Huh?
[Takeshi]
Hello, Urabe.
Furano will have to
go up against
Tsubasa's Drive Shot.
It's very clear that
Nankatsu's heavily relied on
their current style of play.
And about the other match...
Team Meiwa has eight players
from their original team
in elementary.
All of them know inside out
how Toho Academy's
trident power house plays.
Of course, and they were
also trained by Mister Kira.
The players from Team Meiwa
know Kojiro Hyuga's
style of play
like the back of
their hands.
It's very likely...
that they'll give
Team Toho Academy
a tough time
in the semifinals match.
It's just like when
we played against Nankatsu.
And you also shouldn't
forget...
Hyuga hasn't even played
in the tournament yet.
We can't predict...
who will be today's winner.
[panting]
[grunting]
[yell]
[narrator]
Episode 43:
The Fierce Tiger
Encouragements.
[announcer] We are now
in the semifinals
of the national
tournament.
Out of
43 participating teams,
we're left with
four of them.
Today,
we'll have Team Meiwa,
representing Saitama
against Toho Academy,
who represents Tokyo.
Both teams seem
evenly matched.
The two teams make
their way onto the field.
[cheering]
[announcer] Toho Academy
rose through the ranks
as the tournament
favorite,
but they won't be
counting on
Hyuga's presence today,
either.
On the other hand,
Team Meiwa has paved
their own path.
thanks to their
aggressive playstyle.
[Noboru] You better
be ready, Toho Academy.
Because we'll be the ones
to win this match.
Furano! Furano!
[Takeshi] You won't beat us
that easily.
[announcer] Hyuga still
sits on the bench.
Hyuga...
He won't play
this time either.
Why isn't he playing?
[Noboru] Without him,
the match is already ours.
You can do it, Team Meiwa.
-[announcer] As you can see,
-You guys can do this.
- Team Team Meiwa's fan base
-Show them who's boss!
is showing
a lot of support.
- You can feel
-Stay focused, guys.
- the excitement in the air.
-You hear me?
If Hyuga doesn't sub in
and play,
all we'll have to
worry about is
Takeshi and Wakashimazu.
Since we've been
their teammates
for many years,
we know their style of play
inside out.
They won't surprise us.
We can defeat
both of them easily.
Without Hyuga on the field,
this match will be all ours.
Toho Academy is missing
their main scorer.
We got this!
The almighty Toho Academy
will fall today
to the hands of Team Meiwa.
Yeah!
[announcer] The first
semifinal match
is about to begin!
And Team Meiwa
gets the kick-off.
[whistle]
Let's do this, Team Meiwa.
Captain!
[grunt]
[panting]
[gasp]
[announcer] Team Meiwa is
making their way
- with a beautiful
-Sawada!
- one-two pass.
Meiwa, Meiwa,
you're the best!
Meima, Meiwa,
you're the first.
I won't let you guys
get through.
-Sawaki!
-[gasp]
[grunt]
[announcer] Sakamoto
passes the ball
to his teammate Sawaki.
Here's the first goal.
[gasps]
[announcer] But Sawada
steals the ball
with incredible agility.
[growl]
He's improved a lot.
I have to score.
I'll score so Hyuga
can play in the finals.
[pant]
Takeshi...
[announcer]
Team Meiwa's defense
is closing in rapidly
to stop Sawada.
[Hiromichi] You won't
get through, Takeshi.
We won't let a little runt
like you beat us.
[panting]
Here!
[announcer]
Sawada kicks a pass.
Huh?
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Oh! But Team Meiwa
- intercepts the ball.
-[gasp]
Sorimachi
can't do anything.
We know all of
your plays already.
-[gasp]
-[Tomoharu] Here!
[announcer] Now Team Meiwa
switches to offense.
[grunt]
Team Meiwa has been playing
this match flawlessly.
All things considered,
Team Toho is an important
rival for Team Meiwa.
They must've
purposely prepared
and trained really hard
for this match.
Sawaki!
[grunts]
[announcer] Sawaki enters
the danger zone.
Take this, Ken!
-[announcer] And the first shot
-[growl]
to the goal goes to
- Team Meiwa's player Sawaki.
-Go in!
[yell]
[announcer] And the goalie
Wakashimazu
- clutches the ball.
-Great job, Wakashimazu.
[announcer]
What a great save
by Toho Academy's
goalkeeper.
It's no wonder he's
the best in the tournament.
Mhm.
[scoff]
Don't get cocky.
That was just a greeting.
I will score the next one.
Pass it here!
[grunts]
[announcer] And Sorimachi
gets the ball.
Sorimachi!
[grunt]
[announcer] And Sawada
runs through the defense.
-[yell]
-[gasp]
[announcer] But Kawagoe
from Team Meiwa
manages to steal
the ball from him.
Pass me the ball!
[Keiji]
[grunt]
[announcer] We've just hit
the 20 minute mark
and no one has been able
to score a single goal.
It's a two way shutout.
[yells]
[announcer] Sorimachi
hasn't been able to make
decisive plays.
It's evident that
Hyuga's absence
- is affecting Toho Academy.
-[grunt]
Not even Sawada's been
able to get close enough
to pass the ball.
[coach]
Good.
I can't make any passes
like this.
[grunt]
[pant]
[announcer] Team Meiwa's
attempting
to score once again.
[grunt]
[announcer] However,
their shots
appear to be no problem
for Toho Academy's goalie.
Team Meiwa's
- rendered ineffective.
-He's a monster.
Takeshi!
[grunt]
[panting]
[announcer] Sawada
has possession.
What will he try to do now?
[Takeshi] Sorimachi is being
man marked...
-Here!
-[announcer]
Sawada
- passes the ball.
-It's mine!
Huh?
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Oh,
but it's intercepted
by Team Meiwa once again.
This can't be.
They're predicting
all my passes.
If Hyuga were here with us,
this wouldn't happen.
[grunt]
[growl]
[whistle]
[panting]
Huh?
[announcer] The referee
stops the match,
signaling the ending
of the first half.
Both teams are tied,
nothing to nothing.
[growl]
[announcer] It's the first time
that Team Toho Academy
can't score a goal in
the first half of a match.
[growl]
[Ryo] Who would've thought
Toho Academy's
having problems?
Yeah.
Without Hyuga on the field,
it'll be hard for them
to win
[narrator] Team Meiwa's
locker room...
[coach] Everyone,
you had a great first half.
And in the second half,
I want you to get a goal.
Don't stop attacking,
you got it?
Take advantage of
any opportunity you get.
This match is already ours.
-Yeah!
[narrator] Toho Academy's
locker room...
But why?
But why couldn't we do
anything back there?
They've been intercepting
all of our passes.
What're we going to do now?
I don't know.
We really gotta
step up, guys.
Ugh...
[Kitazume]
Okay, attention.
Huh?
-Huh?
-There he is.
What's happening?
Sawada...
You have to avoid
being predictable.
Improvise some more.
You'll be changing position
during the second half.
Yes... You got it.
Sorimachi, I want you to try
shooting to the goal
from further away.
They don't have a goalie
of Wakashimazu's strength.
So you can shoot
from a distance.
[Kazuki]
Yeah.
Listen up!
You have to win,
no matter what.
There'll be no sub-ins.
You'll end the way
you started.
-Yes, sure thing, Coach.
If only captain Hyuga
were out on the field
with us.
[sigh]
What do you think,
Mr. Mikami?
It looks like Kojiro Hyuga
is a strong player,
but I don't think
we'll see him playing
in this tournament.
No.
Three goals.
If they would've put me
in the game,
I would've scored
three goals.
So if we don't score
this round,
then the coach won't have
a choice but to...
let me play.
[announcer] Now it's
Toho Academy's turn
- to start the kick off.
-They're beginners!
-We're the winners!
-[whistle]
[announcer] We have another
thirty minutes on the clock.
What will happen now?
-Meiwa, Meiwa,
-you're the best!
-you're the first!
Everyone in Team Meiwa
can predict my plays
without a second thought.
They were my teammates
in elementary.
We were part of
the same team
and we trained together.
To top it off,
they were also Coach Kira's
disciples as well.
They're really strong.
If Tsubasa were in my place,
what would he do?
How would he pass
this hurdle?
If only Hyuga were here...
-[gasp]
-The ball's mine now.
[announcer] Sawada from
Toho Academy loses the ball.
Why's this happening?
That awesome, man.
[announcer] And Team Meiwa
starts their counterattack.
They have Toho Academy
on the ropes.
Takeshi Sawada has lost
all of his focus.
What?
Since he's a freshman,
being a midfielder is
an even tougher job for him.
What am I doing?
If I play like this,
they'll score for sure.
[Kojiro]
Takeshi...
I won't let you!
[gasp]
[announcer] And it's a corner ki
for Team Team Meiwa.
It's their opportunity.
We got a corner kick now.
We have to take advantage
and score a goal.
Imai, pay attention
to the right.
[announcer] The goalie
Wakashimazu
instructs his team
on the defense.
Kawagoe will be kicking
the corner kick.
[Keiji]
If the pass is too low,
Wakashimazu
is sure to get it.
I have to kick the ball
out of his reach
or it just won't work.
Here!
[announcer] And the ball
flies to the goalie's box,
but it's far from
Toho's goalie's reach.
It's mine.
Get ready.
[grunt]
Now, guys!
[announcer] All of
Team Meiwa is attacking.
-What're they doing?
-Defend, you guys.
[announcer] And Toho Academy's
defense responds.
Hori winds up
for a shot to the goal.
Here!
[yell]
[announcer] And the goalkeeper
blocks it.
Wakashimazu managed
to prevent a goal,
but the ball
is still in play.
[grunt]
What're you waiting for?
Move it.
Clear the ball.
-[yelling]
-Attack, guys!
We have to clear the ball
and fast.
[announcer] Team Toho Academy
needs to get the ball
out of their danger zone
quickly.
We were also trained
by Coach Kira...
We're really strong!
What's that?
-[yelling]
-Team Meiwa is also
an aggressive team
just like you.
[screaming]
I hope you're ready, Ken!
I'll never let you score.
[yell]
[gasp]
[announcer] And the ball
goes in!
Team Meiwa scores
the first goal of the game.
They're able to score a goal
- with a risky play and
-[gasp]
- the score's 1 to nothing.
[gasp]
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back!
[gasp]
[announcer] Toho Academy
couldn't handle
Team Meiwa's attack.
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
The goalkeeper
Wakashimazu just barely
touched the ball,
- but in the end,
-[gasps]
- it went inside.
This is the first time Toho
Academy gets scored on in
- this national tournament.
-Uhh...
They're losing...
It's impossible.
[reac] [adlib]
-[cheering]
-We did it!
[announcer] The scoreboard
is 1 to nothing
in Meiwa's favor.
With this, they have
a foot in the door
for the tournament
finals.
[grunt]
Captain Hyuga!
Sit back down, Hyuga.
Huh?
What's happening over there?
Hyuga...
Kojiro, don't--
Captain?
Coach, please...
I was very clear.
You won't be playing
in this match, Hyuga.
Sit the hell down now.
It's an order.
Do it.
[grunt]
You said...
that was an order?
[grunt]
To hell with
your damn orders!
We're losing right now!
Haven't you been watching
the match?!
What?
Why won't...
Why the hell
won't you let me play
alongside my team?
Captain Hyuga...
[sobbing]
What're you doing, Hyuga?
Listen here, everyone!
It's just a goal.
Don't get caught up in it.
We still have
more than enough time
to win this match.
I know that you guys
can win without me.
I trust in all of you.
Hyuga...
Oh, Captain...
Captain Hyuga...
You have to win,
so I can play with you all
in the finals!
Incredible...
Toho Academy,
you heard him already.
It's just like
the captain said.
It's just a goal.
I'm sure we can
tie the match.
-[grunt]
-Mhm.
Yeah, we've gotten this far
without the captain.
Now we'll show them
that Toho Academy's
a well-rounded team.
We're going to turn
this match around all right.
[Takeshi]
They're right.
Besides,
we all made a promise.
We have to be able to win,
even without Hyuga.
And if the coach
doesn't let him play
in the finals either,
then we'll just have to...
boycott the match itself.
-Yes, Captain! We'll do it!
I trust you all.
[announcer] Now Toho Academy
starts the match once again.
We'll see if they're
able to get a goal
with the remainder
of time left.
Now's our turn to attack,
Toho Academy.
-Yeah!
[scoff] It doesn't matter
what you do.
Takeshi won't be able to
pass the ball.
We'll be the ones
to make it to the finals.
[whistle]
Let's do this, guys.
[announcer] And Team Toho
Academy goes on the offense.
They're going for
the game tying goal.
We won't let you guys
score a goal.
[announcer] But the Team Meiwa
defense
runs to block their play.
Without Kojiro Hyuga
on the field,
Team Toho Academy's
strength
appears to be
considerably weaker.
You can do it!
We have to win.
We owe that much
to the captain.
-[Takeshi] Here!
-[Kazuki] [pant]
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[announcer] Team Meiwa
keeps predicting
- Sawada's passes.
-No!
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[announcer] He's putting
everything on the line
- to get the ball back.
-Good job, Takeshi!
Good job!
Keep at it, Takeshi!
If they score,
then we have no choice
but to score twice as much.
I know this much,
Tsubasa...
I'm going to show that
I can be like you,
maybe even better.
Stop him!
[grunt]
No!
[announcer] Sawada's able to
fool the defense.
Don't let him shoot
the ball.
Take the ball from him now.
Take a look.
I can also score.
[announcer] He's winding up
and...
[pants]
You won't be
able to score.
[grunt]
[yell]
What's he doing?
Excellent.
That play looks
just like yours.
[grunt]
[announcer] Sawada's finally
able to pass the ball
to Sorimachi.
Even if the captain
isn't here...
[growl]
I'm more than capable
of scoring a goal.
I'm the center striker
of Team Toho Academy!
[grunt]
[announcer] And the ball
hits the net.
What an excellent shot,
Sorimachi!
[announcer] Toho Academy
finally scores
at the 45 minute mark
of the match
with an excellent play.
Did you see?
We really did it, Captain!
Captain!
Great job, you guys.
-Yeah!
-We tied the match, Captain!
[Ken] That was a great shot,
Sorimachi.
It was an awesome play
by you too, Takeshi.
Our team won't lose to them.
No matter what happens...
I won't let the ball
go inside my goal
one more time.
Well, I'm happy that
after all of that suffering,
they were able to
eventually tie the match.
Yeah.
That goal was thanks to
Kojiro's motivational words.
-[growling]
-Damn it all!
We got too cocky.
[announcer] Now the teams
are tied
and Toho Academy
has gained back
their confidence.
Let's do this, everyone.
Let's go for
the game winning goal.
[announcer] Toho Academy's
making their way
to the opponent's goal.
[Tsubasa]
All this time...
Toho Academy's been playing
without the presence
of Hyuga.
That has made them change
their strategy
and also create
a new style of play.
If they're playing
like that now,
how will they play with him?
[announcer] 24 minutes
on the clock.
If the match
goes to penalties,
Toho Academy would have
the advantage
for having
Ken Wakashimazu
in their ranks.
That's not a scenario
Team Meiwa
wants to find
themselves in.
If the match ends in a draw
and with penalties,
I'm sure Team Meiwa
will lose.
Guys, we have to score,
no matter what.
Listen up!
Don't get comfortable
just cause we're tied.
I want you to crush them.
Score another goal, guys!
-Yeah!
In the end,
Hyuga is still...
the captain of the team.
After the elimination
phase...
Hyuga abandoned
his teammates
in a crucial moment...
- and even then...
-Listen up!
- everybody
-don't get too cocky
- still trusts him.
-from a goal. Everyone,
stay focused!
-Uhh...
-It's useless.
We can't do anything now.
All we can do is defend.
Hey, guys,
let's hand over the ball.
-Huh?
We'll draw them into
our danger zone..
and then we'll
counterattack.
Wakashimazu won't be able
to handle all of us.
-Mhm.
-Yes, Captain,
we'll do as you say.
[grunt]
Sorimachi!
-[announcer] Sawada passes
-[grunt]
- the ball to Sorimachi.
- But Team Meiwa
-[gasp]
manages to steal
the ball once more.
Do it now!
Everyone, go!
[announcer] And the ball
is sent flying high.
It's a long, long pass.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Sawaki
has possession.
Toho Academy's goal
has no defenders.
This could be a goal.
This can't happen.
[announcer] Sawaki runs alone
towards the goal.
[gasps]
Team Meiwa is
going to score.
-Over my dead body!
-[gasp]
Look, guys!
Wakashimazu stopped him.
If the goalkeeper
gets out of his goal,
he becomes another player
who can score.
This match won't be
left up to luck.
Wakashimazu...
We won't allow you
to get any closer, Ken.
If we take the ball
from him,
we'll be able to easily
score from far away.
We'll teach you,
Wakashimazu.
Pay close attention.
Just because I'm a goalie
doesn't mean
I can't play at your level.
Prepare yourselves,
Team Meiwa.
Impossible!
Takeshi!
-It's yours!
-[announcer]
Sorimachi
has the ball.
Will he attempt
to shoot a goal?
Don't let him
shoot the ball.
[announcer] No!
Sorimachi makes a pass.
But how?
[announcer]
Incredible!
Wakashimazu runs
at full speed
to receive the ball.
-You can do it, Ken.
-[gasp]
Wakashimazu!
Do it, Ken.
Shoot now!
[yell]
[announcer] The goalie
winds up and...
[gasps]
[announcer] What a goal from
Toho Academy's goalkeeper,
who scores with
a powerful kick.
Incredible.
Toho Academy turns
the score around
- in the last moment.
-Great job, Wakashimazu.
That was a great shot
from Ken.
Yeah.
No!
We totally forgot.
Wakashimazu used to be
a forward before.
But Hyuga asked him
to be a goalie.
And Coach Kira taught him
everything.
He polished his skills
and turned him into
the player he is now.
[grunt]
Why didn't I remember
that he was a forward?
Whether it's on the attack
or on defense,
there's no doubt that
Ken Wakashimazu
is the best goalkeeper
in all of Japan.
And even then,
you were able to
score on him
two goals, Jun.
I'm sure you'll be able to
play another game of soccer
in its full length someday.
-[whistle]
-[announcer]
That's the ref's
whistle,
ladies and gentlemen.
Team Toho Academy
is the first finalist
of the national
tournament.
We did it, Captain.
We won.
Captain!
That's right.
I'm very proud.
You guys did great
out there.
You did an excellent job,
Ken!
Thank you.
You too, Takeshi
Thank you, Captain.
You made an excellent play,
Sorimachi.
-They beat us...
-[sobs]
I thought that without
Hyuga playing,
it'd be easy to beat
Toho Academy.
No, Hyuga was with them
the whole time.
-Huh?
Even from the bench,
Hyuga was supporting
his team.
He made them change
and surpass
their expectations.
-They wouldn't have won
-[cheering]
without him.
They regained
-their morale thanks to him.
-We did it!
Told you you could do it.
Hyuga is the heart and soul
of Toho Academy.
The decision's
been made then.
Mr. Katagiri,
even if Hyuga
doesn't play
in this tournament,
he'll be the center forward.
He'll be one of the players
in the tournament in Europe,
when we go with
the country's team.
[chuckle]
-[Noboru] Takeshi.
-Huh?
Make sure to win tomorrow's
final on our behalf.
You beat us today,
and so it's our turn
to support you guys.
You're the pride of
Team Meiwa.
Yeah, thank you.
Wakashimazu,
we're trusting you
to not let them
score tomorrow.
That way,
we'll be able to say that
we were the only ones
to score on you
in the whole tournament.
Yeah, I promise to.
You've grown a lot.
Your last shot
was incredible.
Good, it's our turn,
Nankatsu.
[grunt]
It's our turn, Matsuyama.
[Hikaru] Let the best team
win, Tsubasa.